I was going again guys pat brennan and
so yeah Brendan got some new sneakers
here sneakers yeah yeah I got some news
with you have some new shoes for skating
yeah schedule review on these recycled
so they use all like these recycle like
suede plastic leather and stuff like
that these ones are suede and leather
halfway they come into like like mix
colors like diverse and I think this one
was actually like the most like the one
that stood out the most and yeah like
neat design like you get the brown shoe
laces get be a brown suede top right
here okay so you got the brown top right
there
got the sides right here and well on
this shoe this is my left shoe this is
the one I use for like my front foot for
skateboarding because I'm regular
skateboarding you see right here see
that that it already started to wear off
but all happened with like every kind of
sleep or like even right here will start
to wear off but it's it's like a really
quality shoes yeah plus the bottom
little little spots and yeah Mark
Johnson to selects they're designed and
tested by Mark Johnson life and I've
seen like lakai stuff like the video
fully flared I see how he skated and I
just know like those tested by now p no
it's good right it was now i'm going to
get some more like precise if you like
skateboard instant but these shoes are
definitely why'd they like in here
oh yeah that's where you put your foot
yeah like they're really comfortable
like you get the feeling of like you can
like land every trick and stuff like
that you get the really like comfortable
feel of being on skateboard and they're
really like they're tight on your feet
like they're a tight fit if you get the
right size they do have a shock
resistance inside it's it's really
potted in there yeah after skateboarding
I definitely give it 5 out of 5 small
like I've only been through couple skate
shoes at the same ease are the ones that
bring the most like most feel out of
your skateboard like the most it's
really it's a great shoe really design I
give it a 4 15 it's a flashy shoe but
like the fact that it's all recycled
just uh I just give you something to
worry about your shoe end up breaking up
I think that like the fact about it
being recycled so yeah like skating
five-on-five design for 15 never you
want that please no one to give it to
you